OSSM-8952: Cluster-wide migration using the istio revision label (#89164)
openshift/openshift-docs: migrating/cluster-wide/ossm-migrating-cluster-wide-assembly.adoc

include::modules/ossm-control-plane-configuration-migration-requirements.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ossm-cluster-wide-migration-methods.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ossm-migrating-a-cluster-wide-deployment-using-the-istio-revision-label.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ossm-migrating-workloads-using-the-istio-revision-label.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

.Next steps

If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before you complete the migration process.

* Migrate gateways
//<insert xref to gateway migration content>
//xrefs across Migration Guides will be handled by OSSM-8852

> migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc

Author: done

If you are not using gateways, and have verified your cluster-wide migration, you can proceed to complete the migration and remove {SMProduct} 2 resources.

> * Cleanup {SMProduct} 2

Author: links will be added via a separate PR because a lot of content is in process of being reviewed and merged and not all of it is available. I commented this out.

> If you are not using gateways, and have verified your mulitenant migration, you can proceed to complete the migration and remove {SMProduct} 2 resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using gateways, and have verified your cluster-wide migration, you can proceed to complete the migration and remove {SMProduct} 2 resources.
```

Author: done
